[Music]
even without words de Palestinians in
Gaza are able to describe the horrors of
Israeli attacks in their strongest
[Music]
terms when I hear the bombing my wife
and I shake out of fear at every
explosion I try to protect my
head I fear most for the children as
they start crying out of panic
[Music]
I cover them with a blanket to protect
them from debris and
dust when we finally made it to Rafa it
was such a big relief thanks be to
God suan and three other deaf
Palestinians were forced from their
homes in kanun and had to take their
families to Rafa they felt lost and
helpless for days until they met Ahmed
he decided to use his knowledge of sign
language to help
deaf people are a very special case not
everybody can understand them and
they're very concerned concerned about
their children and their families and
their senses are very heightened a lot
more heightened than
ours Ahmed says his de friend's most
essential need after food and shelter is
to find someone to communicate with and
share their experience of the
war I cannot hear explosions but I feel
the Earth shaking on under me I see dust
and concrete slabs flying over our heads
windows and doors blown away I can also
smell the powder and smoke I do my best
to cover my children to protect them at
night we cannot sleep my children are
crying out of fear I try to calm them
down cover them with
blankets it's been a week since Ahmed
began to accompany his four guests in
their search for ways to settle in
ra when they first came they needed
tools and wood for their tents and they
didn't know how to ask for them I helped
them acquire Hammers and other tools as
well as nylon sheets and I went to speak
to the Committees to try and get them
tar poen for the
tents ra is the last resort for those
trying to escape the war in Gaza but
even here Israeli raids are a daily
reality and in the face of a potential
ground Invasion not only the de but
everyone else feels unsafe and
vulnerable Muhammad Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer